Change Log Entries - starting from 2021-03-09 (#621)
stitchdata/docs: _changelog/entries/2021/2021-03-15-zoom-v1-fixed-schema-report-meetings-webinars.md

---

> title: Zoom (v1) update: Fixed schema for `report_meetings` and `webinars`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Zoom (v1) update: Updated data for `report_meetings` and `webinars` tables"
```

Reviewer: There were also some new fields tacked onto `report_webinars` fields, so this should be a bit more general than `fix`.

Also - make sure you check the pull requests to get the correct table names. I know the PR is titled `Fix schema for report meetings and webinars `, but here the `report` applies to both meetings AND webinars. You can see this is the case if you look at the **Files changed** tab of the PR.

content-type: "changelog-entry"
date: 2021-03-15

> entry-type: improvement

Reviewer: I'd say this should be `updated-feature`. There isn't really an *improvement* here - like nothing about the integration's performance is actually changing. This is just about a changed data type.

entry-category: "integration"

> connection-id: "zoom"
> connection-version: "1"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connection-id: "zoom"
connection-version: "1"
pull-request: "https://github.com/singer-io/tap-zoom/pull/4"
```

---

{{ site.data.changelog.metadata.single-integration | flatify }}

> Schema fixed for {{ this-connection.display_name }}'s `report_meetings` and `webinars`.

Reviewer: 1. What exactly was the change here and why was it necessary?
2. Make sure you change `webinars` to `report_webinars`, as this is the applicable table for this PR.
2. What was changed in the `report_webinars` table?
